mcuboot: fixed swap-move, bootstrapping and fast overwrite mode (#3094)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

  * Allowed to set VTOR to a relay vector before chain-loading the application.
  * Allowed using a larger primary slot in swap-move.
    Before, both slots had to be the same size, which imposed an unused sector in the secondary slot.

>   * Fixed boostrapping in swap-move mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed bootstrapping in swap-move mode.
```

>   * Fixed issue causing that interrupted swap-move operation might brick device if the primary image was padded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue that caused an interrupted swap-move operation to potentially brick the device if the primary image was padded.
```
